feat: robots directive, full robots tag support (#12998)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

## API

## Core
* Added `Shopware\Storefront\Page\Robots\Parser\RobotsDirectiveParser` to parse `robots.txt` files with error tracking and extensibility events.

> * The constructor of `Shopware\Storefront\Page\Robots\Struct\DomainRuleStruct` is now deprecated for string parameters. Use a `ParsedRobots` object instead. This will be removed in v6.8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The constructor of `Shopware\Storefront\Page\Robots\Struct\DomainRuleStruct` is now deprecated for string parameters and support for this will be removed with the next major version. Use a `ParsedRobots` object instead.
```

## API

## Core

> * Added `Shopware\Storefront\Page\Robots\Parser\RobotsDirectiveParser` to parse `robots.txt` files with error tracking and extensibility events.

Reviewer: please add a headline and remove the bullet points and write a text instead

* The constructor of `Shopware\Storefront\Page\Robots\Struct\DomainRuleStruct` is now deprecated for string parameters and support for this will be removed with the next major version. Use a `ParsedRobots` object instead.

### Removal of old `changelog` handling
As we changed how we process and generate changelogs the "old" changelog files are no longer needed.
Therefore, we removed all the internal code used to generate and validate them.
The whole `Shopware\Core\Framework\Changelog` namespace was removed. The code is not needed anymore, you should adjust the `RELEASE_INFO` and `UPGRADE` files manually instead.

## Administration

## Storefront

> * The rendering of the `robots.txt` file has been changed to support custom `User-agent` blocks and the full `robots.txt` standard. For a detailed guide on how to use the new features and extend the functionality, please refer to our documentation guide [Extend robots.txt configuration](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/guides/plugins/plugins/content/seo/extend-robots-txt.html).

Reviewer: please add a headline and remove the bullet points and write a text instead

Reviewer: should maybe also added to the `Features` section?
